# Welcome to your Lovable project

## Project info

Generated by Loveable - placed into the wrong repo (Not out of a job yet)

Will attempt to add project back to Lovable

## Gen Prompt

I want to create an application to record the spelling my child gets every week from school. The app should allow me to view these on a weekly basis. It should also have a test function where it picks random words from the previous weeks and generate a list of ten words.

## Gen Failure

Because I didn't have Superbase enabled the agent couldn't complete the storage requirements. Therefore, only browser storage is used.

**Use your preferred IDE**

If you want to work locally using your own IDE, you can clone this repo and push changes. Pushed changes will also be reflected in Lovable.

The only requirement is having Node.js & npm installed - [install with nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installing-and-updating)

Follow these steps:

```sh
# Step 1: Clone the repository using the project's Git URL.
git clone <YOUR_GIT_URL>

# Step 2: Navigate to the project directory.
cd <YOUR_PROJECT_NAME>

# Step 3: Install the necessary dependencies.
npm i

# Step 4: Start the development server with auto-reloading and an instant preview.
npm run dev
```

**Edit a file directly in GitHub**

- Navigate to the desired file(s).
- Click the "Edit" button (pencil icon) at the top right of the file view.
- Make your changes and commit the changes.

**Use GitHub Codespaces**

- Navigate to the main page of your repository.
- Click on the "Code" button (green button) near the top right.
- Select the "Codespaces" tab.
- Click on "New codespace" to launch a new Codespace environment.
- Edit files directly within the Codespace and commit and push your changes once you're done.

## What technologies are used for this project?

This project is built with:

- Vite
- TypeScript
- React
- shadcn-ui
- Tailwind CSS

Read more here: [Setting up a custom domain](https://docs.lovable.dev/features/custom-domain#custom-domain)
